README.md, before:

# KG auto construction

This is a project for KG auto construction. To run this project, you should install neo4j==5.7.0 and python>=3.8.

Cause this project is still under development, so there is no guarantee that it will work properly.

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

I would like to summarize the workflow of this project as follows:

1. paper crawling
   1. currently, we only support arxiv crawling.
   2. For arxiv, you can use `src/tools/arxiv/base.py` to crawl papers from arxiv.
   3. The crawled papers will be stored in `data/**.json` which can be used for further processing.
2. paper processing
   1. currently, we only support arxiv processing.
   2. The processing process are divided into two parts: paper preprocess and triple extraction.
   3. For paper preprocess, you can use `process/add_from_arxiv.py` to preprocess papers from arxiv saved in `data/**.json`. The result would be written into neo4j database.
   4. For triple extraction, you can use `mian.py` to extract triples from arxiv saved in the neo4j database.

### 2023-05-29

1. devide author entities from arxiv entities.
2. add clean function into neo4j module.
3. extract conceptions from arxiv.
4. idea: to verify a conception is general or not, different sources should be used. For example, stright output of LLM, common degree...

### 2023-05-25
1. basic arxiv requirement module has been finished.
2. thinking about how to build a minimal dataset for entity alignment.

Commit message:

Dev/merge small kg (#4)
* start intergrate extraction block with neo4j

build an uncomplete framework in main.py

* remove unnecessary codes in main.py

* extract entities and insert into neo4j

first procedure has been implemented:
extract_and_insert can extract entities and insert entities and relations into neo4j database.
more effort should be made to make this procedure more robust.
For example, the base.py can only accept doi as the key. and the instructions are mixed in the script.

* add some thought

add some thought into README.md

* change Neo4jManager's init function to make it clear

* change readme

1. add necessary description in main.py
2. add a requiremnts.txt

* some case study changes

* change readme

* expad the id type

* use local neo4j_graph class

* on the way to align entities

* complete function `parse_paper_id_pairs`

* add procedure: embedding_gen

* enhance neo4j manager with index

* update readme

* update readme

* add cos similarity in procedure

* write similarity as a relation property

* for loop for similarity computation

* fix a typing typo: list -> List

README.md, after:

# KG auto construction

This is a project for KG auto construction. To run this project, you should install neo4j==5.7.0 and python>=3.8.

Cause this project is still under development, so there is no guarantee that it will work properly.

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

I would like to summarize the workflow of this project as follows:

1. paper crawling
   1. currently, we only support arxiv crawling.
   2. For arxiv, you can use `src/tools/arxiv/base.py` to crawl papers from arxiv.
   3. The crawled papers will be stored in `data/**.json` which can be used for further processing.
2. paper processing
   1. currently, we only support arxiv processing.
   2. The processing process are divided into two parts: paper preprocess and triple extraction.
   3. For paper preprocess, you can use `process/add_from_arxiv.py` to preprocess papers from arxiv saved in `data/**.json`. The result would be written into neo4j database.
   4. For triple extraction, you can use `mian.py` to extract triples from arxiv saved in the neo4j database.

This is a project for KG auto construction. To run this project, you should install neo4j==5.7.0 and python>=3.8.

Cause this project is still under development, so there is no guarantee that it will work properly.

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

I would like to summarize the workflow of this project as follows:

1. paper crawling
   1. currently, we only support arxiv crawling.
   2. For arxiv, you can use `src/tools/arxiv/base.py` to crawl papers from arxiv.
   3. The crawled papers will be stored in `data/**.json` which can be used for further processing.
2. paper processing
   1. currently, we only support arxiv processing.
   2. The processing process are divided into two parts: paper preprocess and triple extraction.
   3. For paper preprocess, you can use `process/add_from_arxiv.py` to preprocess papers from arxiv saved in `data/**.json`. The result would be written into neo4j database.
   4. For triple extraction, you can use `mian.py` to extract triples from arxiv saved in the neo4j database.
# Recent Updates
### 2023-06-15
The following updates can be test by `python -m src.procedure.<procedure_name>.base`:
1. add a new procedure `align_across_subgraphs` to align different subgraphs.
2. add a new procedure `embedding_gen` to generate embeddings based on text. Currently, we use `bert-base-uncased` to generate embeddings.
